1. Change version in about box - GraphicalInterfaceConstants.ABOUT_BOX_VERSION_TEXT

2. Create a folder MOST_distXXXXXX where XXXXXX is the date.  The etc folder, ModelCollection.csv,
README, and SOURCES must be placed in this folder. The backup folder and documentation folder 
should be removed from etc.
Create folder named lib in this folder and copy win32 and win64 folders in lib folder into this folder.

3. Right click on the MOST project folder in Eclipse and select
Export -> Runnable Jar. Select "Extract required libraries into generated jar.
Locate the correct GraphicalInterface, and browse for folder. 
Browse for folder created in step 2 and type in MOST.jar
in input box. Click Finish.
Click OK for next two dialogs.

4. Create a folder MOST_alpha-x where x is version. The MOST.jar, etc folder, lib folder, ModelCollection.csv,
and README, and SOURCES from folder created in step 3 must be placed in this folder. This folder will be used to create a tar.gz
for Linux and zip file.

5. Create Windows executable:
Open launch4j
In Basic Tab - Output file - browse for folder created in step 2. Type in MOST.exe. 
In Jar runtime path type MOST.jar
Check - "Don't wrap the jar, launch only" checkbox
Browse for most32.ico in folder from step 3 in etc subdirectory.
In JRE tab type 1.7.0 in Min JRE version

You can save this set up if desired in folder from step 3.

Click the gear icon on top to build exe.
If the arrow is clicked, MOST will launch but strangely no icons will exist in
the toolbar. Instead to test exe, double click newly created exe in folder.

6. Create installer:
Open InstallSimple.
Open MOST.ispro in GitHub MOST repository local folder in dist folder
Click Next until Graphics page is reached
Update link in Graphics page to current folder created in step 3 etc folder
for Splash screen.
On Files to distribute screen, browse for folder in step 3, then choose
Special Folder -> System Drive and type Program Files\MOST in
Setup path box.
Click Next
In Shortcuts select MOST.exe then check Desktop, Start Menu, and 
Program Files
Click Next
Click Next until Build Setup is reached. Click Build.
Rename Setup.exe to MOST_Setup.exe

7. Update links in download.html and Installing_MOST.html.
